Multi-tenancy certificates setup (#3644)
zowe/docs-site: docs/user-guide/api-mediation/api-mediation-multi-tenancy.md

For static onboarding, be sure to use the [Gateway static definition example](#gateway-static-definition-example) presented at the end of this article.

## Establishing a trust relationship between Domain API ML and the Central API ML

> For routing to work in a MultiTenancy configuration, the Central API ML must trust the Domain API ML, and vice versa for registration.
> In other words it is necessary that the root and, if applicable, intermediate public certificates be shared between Central API ML and Domain API ML. 

Reviewer: I wouldn't use the "in other words" part, just some clear statement.
maybe as a suggestion:

```suggestion
For routing to work in a MultiTenancy configuration, the Central API Mediation Layer must trust the Domain API Mediation Layers for a successful registration into the Discovery Service component.
The Domain API Mediation Layers must trust the Central API Mediation Layer Gateway to accept routed requests.
The certification chain of the Domain API Mediation Layers must be included in the Central API Mediation Layer's truststore and the certification chain of the Central API Mediation Layer must be included in the Domain Mediation Layer's truststore.
```

On a similar topic, I don't see the "domain" concept being introduced in the article, perhaps there should be an explanation of the meaning.

Author: Well, domain API ML is kinda explained in the beginning of the article. But it could be better explained, I agree. But not in this PR, please. This PR is for certificates setup section update.

The following example describes this relationship. 

![Trust relation diagram](./diagrams/mt-trust-relations.png)

On this example diagram:

> Central APIML is installed on system X, Domain APIMLs are installed on system Y and Z.
> For secure communication Domain APIML 1 and 2 are using different private keys signed with different public keys (they don't trust each other).
> Central APIML should have all public keys from the certificate chain of all Domain APIMLs (DigiCert Root CA, DigiCert Root CA1, DigiCert CA) added to its truststore to be able to register them, otherwise Central APIML will not trust them.
> Central APIML is using a private key which is sign by Local CA public key for secure communication. 
> Domain APIML 1 and 2 should have Local CA public key to be able to accept the routing requests from Central APIML, otherwise Domain APIMLs will not trust it.
> On this diagram you can see all added certificates surrounded by red dashed line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Central API ML is installed on system X, Domain API MLs are installed on systems Y and Z.

* To establish secure communications, "Domain API ML 1" and "Domain API ML 2" are using different private keys signed with different public keys (they don't trust each other).
* Central API ML should have all the public keys from the certificate chains of all Domain API MLs ("DigiCert Root CA", "DigiCert Root CA1", "DigiCert CA") added to its truststore to be able to register them, otherwise the Central API ML will not trust them.
* Central API ML is using a private key which is signed by "Local CA" public key for secure communication. 
"Domain API ML 1" and "Domain API ML 2" should have Local CA's public key to be able to accept the routing requests from Central API ML, otherwise Domain API MLs will not trust it.
On this diagram you can see all added certificates surrounded by red dashed line.
```

The following commands are examples of establishing a trust relationship between Domain API ML and the Central API ML for both PKCS12 certificates and when using keyrings.

1. Import the root and, if applicable, the intermediate public key certificate of Domain API MLs running on systems Y and Z into the truststore of the Central API ML running on system X.

  - **PKCS12**
  
    For PKCS12 certificates, use the following example of  keytool commands:
  
    `keytool -import -file sysy/keystore/local_ca/local_ca.cer -alias gateway_sysy -keystore sysx/keystore/localhost/localhost.truststore.p12`
  

>     `keytool -import -file sysz/keystore/local_ca/local_ca.cer -alias gateway_sysz -keystore sysx/keystore/localhost/localhost.truststore.p12`

Reviewer: maybe keyring should be the first in the list, also considering it's mentioned in the intro.

## Establishing a trust relationship between domain Gateways and the Cloud Gateway

For routing to work in a MultiTenancy configuration, the Cloud Gateway must trust the domain Gateways, and vice versa.
In other words the root and intermediate (if applicable) public certificates needs to be shared between Cloud Gateway and domain Gateways. 

> 

Reviewer 2: Can we add some image here showing the system and the pieces to make it easier to visualize the system X, Y and Z described later?

Author: Done

  
  - **Keyring**

     Use the following examples of the commands to add certificates from the dataset and connect them to the keyrings used by domain Gateways:
  
    - RACF
  
      ```
      RACDCERT ADD('SHARE.SYSX.INTERCA.CER') ID(ZWESVUSR) WITHLABEL('DigiCert CA1') TRUST
      RACDCERT ID(ZWESVUSR) CONNECT(ID(ZWESVUSR) LABEL('DigiCert CA1') RING(ZoweKeyring) USAGE(CERTAUTH))
      SETROPTS RACLIST(DIGTCERT, DIGTRING) REFRESH
      ```
  
    - ACF2
  
      ```
      ACF
      SET PROFILE(USER) DIV(CERTDATA)
      INSERT CERTAUTH.SYSXINTR DSNAME('SHARE.SYSX.INTERCA.CER') LABEL(DigiCert CA1) TRUST
      F ACF2,REBUILD(USR),CLASS(P),DIVISION(CERTDATA)
      
      SET PROFILE(USER) DIVISION(KEYRING)
      CONNECT CERTDATA(CERTAUTH.SYSXINTR) LABEL(DigiCert CA1) KEYRING(ZWESVUSR.ZOWERING) USAGE(CERTAUTH)
      F ACF2,REBUILD(USR),CLASS(P),DIVISION(KEYRING)
      ```
  
    - TopSecret
  
      ```
      TSS ADD(CERTAUTH) DCDS(SHARE.SYSX.INTERCA.CER)  DIGICERT(SYSXINTR) LABLCERT('DigiCert CA1') TRUST
      TSS ADD(ZWESVUSR) KEYRING(ZOWERING) RINGDATA(CERTAUTH,SYSXINTR) USAGE(CERTAUTH)

>       ```

Reviewer 3: Can we add a step to validate that this MultiTenancy configuration was sucessful?

Author: Like "verify" command?

Reviewer 3: Yes.

> 

Author: Will do

]
```

## Validating successful configuration with `/registry`

Use the `/registry` endpoint to validate successful configuration. The response should contain all API ML domains represented by `apimlId`, and information about onboarded services.

## Gateway static definition example

> 

Reviewer 3: I know this is not part of this particular pull request, but could we please define what is specifically meant by "This file"?

Reviewer: I think we also need to mark the section as deprecated.

Reviewer 3: I agree. This looks good.

> ## Gateway static definition example
> 
> This file should be stored together with other statically onboarded services. The default location is `/zowe/runtime/instance/workspace/api-mediation/api-defs/`. There is no naming restriction of the filename, but the file extension must be yml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Gateway static definition example (deprecated)

The gateway static definition file should be stored together with other statically onboarded services. The default location is `/zowe/runtime/instance/workspace/api-mediation/api-defs/`. 
There is no naming restriction of the filename, but the file extension must be `yml`.
```
